It's me again. First today I'd like to say thank you once again for having me not once but
twice is an extreme honor to not only
the United Nations but also to UNICEF.
For having me be a partner with them is
a dream come true in such a meaningful
part of my life so thank you so much. Now after hearing everyone speak I don't
know about you but I am feeling pretty
ready. I'm United with each and every one
of you to help create a world where
every young person is empowered.
Where every young person is educated and where every young person is skilled and
prepared to fulfill their full potential.
And like I said earlier young people
make up 25% of the world's population.
That's like a lot of people. That's
literally billions of people and all of
them watched my YouTube videos...no I'm kidding
no I'm kidding give or take a few don't
quote me, but the point I'm making is they
are the most connected generation
there's ever been. We have access to
borderless tools and technologies that allow us to share our voices our
knowledge and our experiences further
than ever before and that's exactly how
I found my platform using a technology
that didn't exist 13 years ago called
YouTube and that's why my parents don't
know what I do for a living.
But when technology is moving and
changing so fast the world has to keep
up so that all young people have access
no matter where they live or what their
circumstances are. Now getting to where I am today
and achieving this level of success was
not easy but when I compared myself to
the circumstances of what the majority of young people face so I'll be honest I
feel like I practically won the lottery
I mean I got to receive an education
I got support I didn't have to face
obstacles such as poverty conflict or
failed institutions. For most young
people in the world the opportunities
they need are so far from reach because
of problems like these but here's the
good news - there's good news -  it's not all sad, there's good news. When you empower
you like that you like that that's good
thank you thank you UNICEF I can always
count on you good, you're correct for
laughing. When you empower a young
you're not just giving them a chance to
change their own life, you're also giving
them a chance to change the lives of so
many other people because I've had the
privilege of travelling to a lot of
places such as South Africa, Kenya, India
to name a few and every time I speak to
the youth there I ask, what would you
like to be when you grow up and every
single time the answer is always along
the lines of a doctor, a pharmacist, a
nurse, or a counselor the answer is
always something that child knows their
community so desperately needs so when
we give skills and education to young
people they become the leaders and
beacons of light this world needs so if
we want to solve any problem from
conflict to disease, to climate change, we
have to start with young people and
acknowledge the huge impact they have in their communities, in their countries and
in the world. Now as you may know I love
a good video so I couldn't resist
showing you one today. This is the story
of just one young woman who did
everything she could to realize her full
potential and how everything can change
when just one person gives you a chance.
Let's see what she has to say